README.md, before:

# TOP-Etch-a-Sketch
Create a virtual etch-a-sketch.


THINGS TO FIX:

9/15/2023 5:41PM
--- Get the rainbow function to make the div element change into random colors when the mouse hovers over them
--- Get all divs that the mouse moves over to change color. When the grid contains numerous div elements, 
    the event listeners with events "mouseenter" and "mouseleave" will not detect all the div elements if the 
    mouse moves too quickly.
--- Create a button that darkens a div element's background color by 10% each time the mouse hovers over it.

9/18/2023 3:32PM
--- Successfully coded the rainbow function
--- Created the pencil button to increase a div element's background color by 10% until it 
    reaches 100% when the mouse hovers over it.

11/16/2023 5:26 PM
--- Need to move buttons around. Considering moving the buttons back to the "left" 
    div.
--- Need to include event listeners for touch to work with mobile devices.
--- Need to apply some type of transition from an "introduction" screen to the on-screen Etch-a-Sketch

Commit message:

Update buttons' style and placement
Moved all buttons to the "left" div and edited the JavaScript code to
display them when the "pixelButton" is selected using the forEach loop.
Updated the "pixelButton's" and the "functions" div styles to make the
buttons more noticeable.

README.md, after:

# TOP-Etch-a-Sketch
Create a virtual etch-a-sketch.

Images:

Etch-a-Sketch display
    file-name: bottom_display.png
    creator: Niada Niederhauser Roble


THINGS TO FIX:

9/15/2023 5:41PM
--- Get the rainbow function to make the div element change into random colors when the mouse hovers over them
--- Get all divs that the mouse moves over to change color. When the grid contains numerous div elements, 
    the event listeners with events "mouseenter" and "mouseleave" will not detect all the div elements if the 
    mouse moves too quickly.
--- Create a button that darkens a div element's background color by 10% each time the mouse hovers over it.

9/18/2023 3:32PM
--- Successfully coded the rainbow function
--- Created the pencil button to increase a div element's background color by 10% until it 
    reaches 100% when the mouse hovers over it.

11/16/2023 5:26 PM
--- Need to move buttons around. Considering moving the buttons back to the "left" 
    div.
--- Need to include event listeners for touch to work with mobile devices.
--- Need to apply some type of transition from an "introduction" screen to the on-screen Etch-a-Sketch.

11/17/2023 12:29 PM
--- Moved all buttons to the "left" div and restyled them.
--- Used arrow functions and removed "mouseout" event handlers to make JavaScript code clearer.
--- Need to include event listeners for touch to work with mobile devices.
--- Need to apply some type of transition from an "introduction" screen to the on-screen Etch-a-Sketch.
